CYBER PATRIOT SECURING WINDOWS 7
--------------------------------
1. Read the scenario(Over and over again)
2. Read forensic question(do if you can)

WINDOWS UPDATE AND FIREWALL
---------------------------
1. Change settings and check for updates
2. Install automatic updates (Control Panel Action Tools under System in security.)  
3. Turn on firewall
  
PASSWORD POLICY
---------------
1. Password History 5 Days 
2. Maximum Password age 30-90 days 
3. Minimum Password age 5 days 
4. Minimum Password Length 8 char. 
5. Password Complexity Enabled 
6. Reverse Encryptions Disabled  

ACCOUNT LOCKOUT POLICIES AND AUIDT
----------------------------------
1. Account Lockout Duration 30 minutes 
2. Account Lockout Threshold 3 
3. Reset account lockout counter 30 minutes 
 
  Set up Windows Audit Policies (Right under Account Polices in Local Policies) 
    a. Audit Logon Events Failure 
    b. Audit Account Management Success 
    c. Audit Directory Service ND 
    d. Audit logon Events Failure 
    e. Audit Objects Access ND 
    f. Audit Policy Change Success 
    g. Audit Privilege use success failure 
    h. Audit Process tracking Success Failure 
    i. Audit System Events failure 
 
SECURITY OPTIONS
----------------
1. Disable Administrator account 
2. Disable Guest account
3. Rename administrator and guest accounts 
4. Shutdown without Log on.  

FIX USER PASSWORDS
------------------
1. Change Passwords for Each User (User policy)  
2. Set local user Admin password to not expire and account enable Admin tools\Computer management\users and group\use 
 
SERVICES
--------
1. Disable and Stop Services in the services menu 
2. RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol)-connect computers over a network
3. ICS (internet connection sharing)
4. RDP UserMode 
  - Remote Registry
            Enables remote users to modify registry settings on your computer, provided the remote 
            users have the required permissions
  - RD Configuration:
            You can use Remote Desktop Session Host Configuration to configure settings for new connections, 
            modify the settings of existing connections, and delete connections. You can configure settings on a 
            per connection basis, or for the server as a whole.
  - SSDP Discovery (Simple service discovery Protocol):
            SSDP is HTTP like protocol and work with NOTIFY and M-SEARCH methods. 
            SSDP can be used over IPv4 and IPv6
  - UPnP Device Host(Universal Plug and Play):
            UPnP can do a number of things, although in the majority of cases (this one included) it is simply used 
            as a way of automatically forwarding only needed ports. It means one would not have to muck about 
            with portforwarding, but alas it never does work out quite that way. :-)
  - Remote Desktop:
            Remote Desktop Connection is a technology that allows you to sit at a computer (sometimes 
            called the client computer) and connect to aremote computer (sometimes called the host computer) 
            in a different location.
  - WWW Publishing Service (World Wide Web Publishing Service):
            Manages the HTTP protocol and HTTP performance counters.

Clean the Host File: (C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\host.txt 
          
DENY FOLLOWING PORTS through windows firewall advanced settings
  - FTP :
            The File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a standard network protocol used to transfer computer
            files from one host to another host over a TCP-based network, such as the Internet.
  - SSH- Secure Shell:
            SSH is a cryptographic (encrypted) network protocol to allow remote login and other network 
            services to operate securely over an unsecured network
  - TelNet:
            Telnet is a user command and an underlying TCP/IP protocol for accessing remote computers.
  - SNMP: 
            Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is a popular protocol for network
            management. It is used for collecting information from, and configuring, network devices, 
            such as servers, printers, hubs, switches, and routers on an Internet Protocol (IP) network.
  - LDAP:
            It provides a mechanism used to connect to, search, and modify Internet directories. 
            The LDAP directory service is based on a client-server model.
  - RDP:
            Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which 
            provides a user with a graphical interface to connect to another computer over a network 
            connection. The user employs RDP client software for this purpose, while the other computer 
            must run RDP server software.


SCREEN SAVER (Only if Specified)
--------------------------------
1. Control Panel
2. Appearance and Personalization
3. Personalization
4. Screen Saver(Bottom right corner)
5. Set screen saver  and AFK time,check the logon screen box


SERVICE PACKS
-------------
- To check what version you have right click computer and then click properties.
- Install antivirus software and uninstall hacking tools and unnecessary program

HACKING TOOLS
-------------
- GUI Miner, Free media converter, Nmap, Wireshark, etc.
Password cracking tools:
  - Ophcrack,Rainbow Tables, Aircrack-NG, L0phtCrack, OphCrack, Etc.

*Search up the software to see if you really need it*

NOT PART OF CHECKLIST
---------------------
Find these programs in the program files folder or in the programs and features section in the control panel
Websites with these tools:
http://resources.infosecinstitute.com/10-popular-password-cracking-tools/
http://hackyshacky.com/blog/must-have-hacking-tools/

File sharing
Search Advanced sharing settings in the start menu, click the top option, and then change the variety of settings if needed

Port cheat sheet URL:
http://overapi.com/static/cs/common_ports.pdf


http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/commonly-hacked-ports.html

Commonly Hacked Ports
By Kevin Beaver
Part of the Hacking For Dummies Cheat Sheet
Common ports, such as TCP port 80 (HTTP), may be locked down — but other ports may get overlooked and be vulnerable to hackers. In your security tests, be sure to check these commonly hacked TCP and UDP ports:
TCP port 21 - FTP (File Transfer Protocol)
TCP port 22 – SSH (Secure Shell)
TCP port 23 - telnet
TCP port 25 - SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)
TCP and UDP port 53 - DNS (Domain Name System)
TCP port 443 - HTTP (Hypertext Transport Protocol) and HTTPS (HTTP over SSL)
TCP port 110 - POP3 (Post Office Protocol version 3)
TCP and UDP port 135 - Windows RPC
TCP and UDP ports 137–139 - Windows NetBIOS over TCP/IP
TCP port 1433 and UDP port 1434 – Microsoft SQL Server




